VAULT-26466: audit - docs for including correlation ID headers by default (#26778)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/audit/index.mdx

[auth tune](/vault/docs/commands/auth/tune)

## Audit request headers

> Vault Operators can audit specific HTTP headers when those headers are present in
> the incoming client request. Configuration for audit request headers is applied via
> the [Vault API](/vault/api-docs/system/config-auditing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [Vault API](/vault/api-docs/system/config-auditing) to configure request
headers to monitor and audit headers in incoming client request.
```
Style correction: write in the active voice

> When Vault Operators [create](/vault/api-docs/system/config-auditing#create-update-audit-request-header)
> an exception allowing a request header to appear in the audit log, by default the
> value of the header is **not** HMAC'd, this is [configurable](/vault/api-docs/system/config-auditing#hmac)
> per header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Vault **does not** encrypt request header values with HMAC if you
[create](/vault/api-docs/system/config-auditing#create-update-audit-request-header)
an exception to allow request headers in the audit log. To encrypt the header
values, you must [configure](/vault/api-docs/system/config-auditing#hmac) the
relevant headers individually.
```
Style correction: write in active voice

### Default headers

> <Warning title="Behavior changes">
> 
>   Prior to Vault 1.17 **only** headers configured by the Vault Operator could appear
>   in an audit log.
> 
>   As of Vault 1.17 this behavior changes, see below for further information.
> 
> </Warning>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
The core of the warning is "keep reading", so this isn't a useful aside.

Author: What do you think would be a good way to draw the reader's attention on the page to let them know: something in Vault isn't the same now which impacts what can appear in raw text in your audit log?

Reviewer: TBH, I'm not sure a warning here is appropriate. We should be documenting the change in the upgrade guide. If folks are upgrading w/o bothering to read *that* doc, that's not something we can control =\

> As of Vault 1.17 the following headers are **always automatically enabled** in
> order to facilitate correlation of requests across distributed systems which
> include Vault.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To help correlate requests across distributed systems, Vault automatically
records the following headers in the audit log:
```
Style correction: write in active voice

Author: In other documents on our site we call out 'since Vault `x.xx` to let folks know that it changed then, I think that seems useful to know. What do you recommend in order to capture this info for readers?

Reviewer: I know the current docs do that a lot, it was an established pattern prior to versioning. I've been trying to remove it as I encounter it since readers should be relying on the version selector to know if a feature is applicable to their version.

- `correlation-id`
- `x-correlation-id`

> By default, the values of these headers are **not** [HMAC'd](/vault/api-docs/system/config-auditing#hmac),
> however Vault Operators may override this setting by [manually configuring](/vault/api-docs/system/config-auditing#create-update-audit-request-header)
> the headers described above, supplying an `HMAC` value of `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This is a repeat of the information in the previous section

> #### Example override for `correlation-id`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure Vault uses HMAC on the header values during logging, set the `hmac` value to true for the `config/auditing/request-headers` API call.

For example, to enable HMAC for `correlation-id`
```

There's no need to create explicit settings for examples that illustrate something discussed in the paragraph above

Author: Ok that makes sense, the reason I added the two examples was just to reiterate that it's not just x-correlation-id but also correlation-id, which I'd imagine a user will want to configure both if they want HMAC to happen.

```shell
curl \
    --header "X-Vault-Token: ..." \
    http://127.0.0.1:8200/v1/sys/config/auditing/request-headers/correlation-id \
    --data '{ "hmac": true }'
```

> #### Example override for `x-correlation-id`
> 
> ```shell
> curl \
>     --header "X-Vault-Token: ..." \
>     http://127.0.0.1:8200/v1/sys/config/auditing/request-headers/x-correlation-id \
>     --data '{ "hmac": true }'
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Is there a reason we need two examples? It looks like the calls are effectively identical besides the header value. It should be sufficient to provide a single example and refer folks to the API docs for the endpoint.

Author: Ok that makes sense, the reason I added the two examples was just to reiterate that it's not just x-correlation-id but also correlation-id, which I'd imagine a user will want to configure both if they want HMAC to happen.

Reviewer: Hopefully the, "for example, to set BLAH", drives home the point that it's just one of the available headers 😅
